Taj Mahal: The Taj Mahal is an ivory-white marble mausoleum on the bank of the Yamuna river in the Indian city of Agra. It was commissioned in 1632 by the Mughal emperor Shah Jahan to house the tomb of his favourite wife, Mumtaz Mahal.
Qutub Minar: The Qutub Minar is a minaret and 'victory tower' that forms part of the Qutub complex in Delhi, India. Made of red sandstone and marble, it is 73 meters tall and has five stories.
Red Fort: The Red Fort is a historic fort in the city of Delhi in India that served as the main residence of the Mughal Emperors. Emperor Shah Jahan commissioned construction of the Red Fort on 12 May 1638, when he decided to shift his capital from Agra to Delhi.
Hampi: Hampi is a UNESCO World Heritage Site located in east-central Karnataka, India. It is a pilgrimage center of the Hindu religion. In the midst of this, one can see the ruins of the ancient city Vijayanagara.
Ajanta and Ellora Caves: The Ajanta and Ellora caves are rock-cut caves located in Maharashtra, India. The caves include paintings and sculptures considered masterpieces of Buddhist religious art, as well as frescos that are reminiscent of the Sigiriya paintings in Sri Lanka.
Mysore Palace: The Mysore Palace, also known as Amba Vilas Palace, is a historical palace and a royal residence at Mysore in the Indian state of Karnataka. It is the official residence of the Wadiyar dynasty and the seat of the Kingdom of Mysore.
Gateway of India: The Gateway of India is an arch-monument built in the early 20th century in the city of Mumbai, India. It was erected to commemorate the landing of King George V and Queen Mary at Apollo Bunder on their visit to India in 1911.
Sanchi Stupa: The Sanchi Stupa is a Buddhist complex, famous for its Great Stupa, on a hilltop at Sanchi Town in Raisen District of the state of Madhya Pradesh, India. It is one of the oldest stone structures in India, originally commissioned by the emperor Ashoka in the 3rd century BCE.
Charminar: The Charminar, constructed in 1591, is a monument and mosque located in Hyderabad, Telangana, India. The landmark has become known globally as a symbol of Hyderabad and is listed among the most recognized structures in India.
Konark Sun Temple: The Konark Sun Temple is a 13th-century CE sun temple at Konark about 35 kilometers northeast of Puri on the coastline of Odisha, India. The temple is attributed to king Narasimhadeva I of the Eastern Ganga Dynasty about 1250 CE.
Victoria Memorial: The Victoria Memorial is a large marble building in Kolkata, West Bengal, India, which was built between 1906 and 1921. It is dedicated to the memory of Queen Victoria and is now a museum and tourist destination under the auspices of the Ministry of Culture.
Meenakshi Temple: The Meenakshi Temple is a historic Hindu temple located on the southern bank of the Vaigai River in the temple city of Madurai, Tamil Nadu, India. It is dedicated to Meenakshi, a form of Parvati, and her consort, Sundareshwar, a form of Shiva.
Jaisalmer Fort: Jaisalmer Fort is a fort located in the city of Jaisalmer, in the Indian state of Rajasthan. It is believed to be one of the very few 'living forts' in the world, as nearly one-fourth of the old city's population still resides within the fort.
Humayun's Tomb: Humayun's Tomb is the tomb of the Mughal Emperor Humayun in Delhi, India. The tomb was commissioned by Humayun's first wife and chief consort, Empress Bega Begum, in 1569-70.
Nalanda: Nalanda was a renowned Buddhist monastic university in ancient Magadha (modern-day Bihar), India. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and was a center of learning from the 5th century CE to 1200 CE.
Jantar Mantar, Jaipur: The Jantar Mantar is a collection of nineteen architectural astronomical instruments built by the Rajput king Sawai Jai Singh II, the founder of Jaipur, Rajasthan. The monument was completed in 1734 and features the world's largest stone sundial.
Fatehpur Sikri: Fatehpur Sikri is a town in the Agra District of Uttar Pradesh, India. The city itself was founded as the capital of Mughal Empire in 1571 by Emperor Akbar and served this role from 1571 to 1585.
Khajuraho Group of Monuments: The Khajuraho Group of Monuments is a group of Hindu and Jain temples in Madhya Pradesh, India, about 175 kilometers southeast of Jhansi. They are one of the UNESCO World Heritage Sites in India.
Rani ki vav: Rani ki vav is an intricately constructed stepwell situated in the town of Patan in Gujarat, India. It is located on the banks of Saraswati river. Its construction is attributed to Udayamati, the spouse of the 11th-century Chaulukya king Bhima I.
Mehrangarh: Mehrangarh or Mehran Fort, located in Jodhpur, Rajasthan, is one of the largest forts in India. Built around 1459 by Rao Jodha, the fort is situated 410 feet above the city and is enclosed by imposing thick walls.
Elephanta Caves: The Elephanta Caves are a network of sculpted caves located on Elephanta Island, or Gharapuri, in Mumbai Harbour, 10 kilometers to the east of the city of Mumbai in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Golconda Fort: Golconda Fort, also known as Golkonda, is a fortified citadel and an early capital city of the Qutb Shahi dynasty, located in Hyderabad, Telangana, India.
Ranthambore Fort: Ranthambore Fort is a formidable fort situated within the Ranthambore National Park, near the town of Sawai Madhopur in Rajasthan. The fort is known for the glorious history and the ruins that still sing the saga of the past.
Brihadeeswarar Temple: Brihadeeswarar Temple, also called Rajarajesvaram or Peruvudaiyar Kovil, is a Hindu temple dedicated to Shiva located in South Bank of Kaveri river in Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu, India. It is one of the largest South Indian temples and an exemplary example of a fully realized Dravidian architecture.
Golden Temple: The Golden Temple, also known as Harmandir Sahib, is a gurdwara located in the city of Amritsar, Punjab, India. It is the preeminent spiritual site of Sikhism.